Now,
can I have a turn, please?
Of course. Here.
Aah!
'Does that feel good, Fennekin?'
[AGREE]
‐ Huh!
[APPEARING]/[EXCITED]
I'll bet you wanna
get brushed too, right?
[EXCITED]
Step right this way.
[HAPPY]
She should be here any minute.
Serena! Sorry, we're late.
[AGREEING]
[panting]
I hope that
you weren't waiting long.
No. It's fine.
‐ Shauna, how've you been?
‐ Nice to see you again.
Last time was at summer camp.
Yeah, the memories.
Great to see all of you.
So, what are you
going to show us today?
[chuckles]
Wait till you hear this.
Aria's going to do
an exhibition performance.
at the Pokémon Showcase
right here in Lagoon Town!
So, I wanted to invite
all of you to come with me.
Aria? Awesome!
Her Pokévision videos
are great.
Yeah, she's the top
Pokémon performer
the Kalos Queen.
I can't wait to see her.
♪ I wanna be the very best ♪
♪ Like no one ever was ♪
♪ To catch them
is my real test ♪
♪ To train them is my cause ♪
♪ Pokémon
gotta catch 'em all ♪
♪ It's you and me ♪
♪ Pokémon ♪
♪ I know it's my destiny
Pokémon ♪
♪ Oh you're my best friend ♪
♪ In a world we must defend ♪
♪ Pokémon
gotta catch 'em all ♪
♪ Pokémon ♪♪
ASH
"Dreaming A Performer's Dream!"
NARRATOR
As our heroes continue their
journey
to the Coumarine City Gym
where Ash will be vying for
his fourth Kalos Gym badge
their friend Shauna has
invited them to come along with
her
to see the Lagoon Town
Pokémon Showcase.
I can't wait to see
all the Pokémon perform.
Will there be a bunch
of different Pokémon?
Lots of them!
Dedenne,
let's watch it together.
[HAPPY]
[cheering]
SERENA
It's starting.
I give. What's
a Pokémon Showcase anyway?
Well, Trainers
and their Pokémon
give various kinds
of performances.
It sounds intriguing
but, we'll just see
how good they are
at their craft.
You talk like
you're a performance expert.
Because I am.
PIERRE
'Bonjours,Pokémon lovers
'and welcome,
I am your humble host'
Monsieur Pierre.
Prepare yourselves for acompetition magnifique.
And now, The Lagoon Town
Pokémon Showcase will amaze
starting things off
with our Rookie Class Division.
But first,
our reigning Kalos Queen
'Mademoiselle Aria,
has agreed to put on'
an exhibition performance
for one and all.
ARIA
'Be fantastic!'
Look, Aria's Fennekin
evolved into Braixen.
That's what it evolves into.
POKEDEX
Braixen, the Fox Pokémon
and the evolved
form of Fennekin.
'To defeat its opponent,
Braixen combines the flame'
'from the twig in its tail
with its fiery breath'
'creating a massive Fire Spin.'
Use Fire Spin!
[FIRE SPIN MOVE]
PIERRE
'And here she comes'
'Our beautiful Kalos Queen'
'Mademoiselle Aria!'
There she is! Aah!
[EXERTIONS]
And for our finish,
Fire Blast!
[FIRE BLAST MOVE]
PIERRE
'Magnifique!'
'Another stunning performance
from our Kalos Queen'
'Mademoiselle Aria!'
‐ Perfect!
‐ Such precise moves!
‐ She's so great!
‐ 'And so we say merci'
'to Mademoiselle Aria
and Braixen.''
‐ 'Adieu and a bientot.'
‐ Hot stuff!
She's not queen for nothin'.
Oh, really, against me
she's nothing that special.
PIERRE
Alors,now that everyone
'is all revved up
and ready to go'
'please welcome
today's first performer'
'from Brindille Town, Kaleigh'
'and her partner Furfrou.'
[EXERTIONS]
Remember, the Pokémon Showcase
is made up of two competitions.
If your theme performance
is good enough you move on
to general freestyle
performance.'
So, that decides
who's good enough to move on.
Furfrou, use Double Team!
[EXERTIONS]
Huh?
‐ Huh?
‐ 'Oh, no.'
'What's this?
I can't believe it.'
That Pancham is crashing
the performance.
[EXERTIONS]
[screams]
[all gasping]
Hey! There's a show going on.
[EXERTIONS]
‐ Huh!
‐ Aah!
[EXERTIONS]
[all gasping]
What's up with that?
That Pancham's wild.
ASH
Too bad it ended early.
But at least we got
to see Aria's performance.
I thought
the teamwork between her
and her Braixen
was as good as it gets.
‐ They were both so great.
‐ You're right.
They were really cool.
The way she used that
flaming twig was fantastic.
Dedenne can do that.
Right, Dedenne?
[AGREE]
I'm so glad we saw her.
We got some
great ideas for our own
Pokémon Showcase performance.
[EXCITED]
You mean you're really
gonna be a part of it?
Mm‐hm. But we've still
got a lot of work to do.
We're gonna have
to head home now.
I'll be in touch soon.
‐ Thanks a lot for inviting us.
‐ Bye.
Hurry up, Bulbasaur.
[EXERTIONS]
Shauna's finally
taking the next step.
[CURIOUS]
Huh!
[EXERTIONS]
BONNIE
Are you imitating Braixen?
[EXERTIONS]
[SURPRISED]/[PAINED]
[laughing]
[ANGRY]
‐ Huh!
[EXERTIONS]
BONNIE
'Uh, is that..'
CLEMONT
'The same Pancham
who crashed the show?'
[ANGRY]
[TEASING]
[EXERTIONS]
[ANGRY]/[EXERTIONS]
CLEMONT
Huh? Chespin.
[EXERTIONS]
‐ Chespin, wait!
‐ Where are you going?
'Chespin?'
PIKACHU
[CONCERNED]
Come on, guys,
don't leave me behind, please?
There's a fork in the road.
Okay, I'll go look
for Chespin this way.
Right!
[EXCITED]
Finally.
I think we should go
and look this way.
[AGREE]
Huh? Ah!
Hey! Chespin!
[panting]
Huh!
[ATTACK]/[EXERTIONS]
Ah! My hat!
[panting]
Hey! Chespin!
[grunts]
Aah!
‐ Huh!
‐ Hey! Huh!
I can't see
without my glasses.
Aah! Oh! I'm sorry!
‐ I'm sorry! I'm sorry!
‐ Clemont?
Uh, that's a big rock.
Chespin, is that you?
[EXERTION]
Did you find it, Fennekin?
[CONCERNED]
Huh? What's the matter?
SERENA
'Pancham.'
'That hat!'
'Those glasses!'
[EXERTIONS]
[PROUD]
What's Pancham up to?
Of course! Pancham
really likes to perform.
'That explains it.'
[EXERTIONS]/[HAPPY]
Hey, Pancham!
[SURPRISED]/[EXERTIONS]
Wait!
I just wanna have
a talk with you.
Hey, look at that!
Pancham,
have you been gathering up
all of these things
for your performances?
You shouldn't steal
other people's things.
But if you promise me
you'll stop stealing
'I'll give you these.'
[EXERTION]
A perfect fit. They look great!
[SURPRISED]/[EXERTIONS]
Huh! Pancham, come back!
I'm not done talking to you!
Now, where could
that Pancham have gone?
[EXCITED]
Huh! Over there?
Huh. Wait for me.
[ANNOYED]
Huh! Hey, Chespin!
So there you are.
So where's Pancham?
You need to calm down.
But I need my glasses to see.
‐ Clemont!
‐ Bonnie!
[EXCITED]
Alright. Finally!
Huh! Clemont,
where are your glasses?
That Pancham stole them.
Pancham's been busy.
You mean it got you as well?
I've got
to get my glasses back.
Or I'll end up
making conversation
with trees and rocks! Oh, no!
Just relax.
[CONCERNED]
ASH
There it is.
Pancham's taking a nap
without a care in the world.
[CURIOUS]
Huh!
[EXERTIONS]
ASH
'You're not getting away now!'
[WORRIED]
Give me back my hat!
And give me back
my glasses right now!
[ANGRY]
‐ Guys! Hold on a second!
‐ Huh!
Serena!
Step aside.
I wanna catch that Pancham!
[all gasping]
GROUP
Who's that Pokémon?
It's Braixen!
[EXCITED]
You heard me.
I wanna catch that Pancham.
Why do you wanna do that?
When I found
that Pancham near its cave
I discovered that
it likes to perform.
Pancham likes to perform?
[ANNOYED]
Guys, look, I managed to get
your glasses and hat back.
‐ Thanks.
But how did you find them?
After it took them,
Pancham was using them
as props while it practiced
performing near a lake.
Huh!
I know why it crashed
the Pokémon Showcase.
Pancham wanted everybody to see
what a good performer it is.
[SHOCKED]
I see!
Pancham, is that the truth?
[EMBARRASSED]
And you have the most
adorable smile I've ever seen.
So, am I right? Am I?
[ANNOYED]
I know what I wanna do.
I wanna be
a Pokémon performer, like Aria.
'With Pancham as my partner.'
Awesome! You really found
your own dream.
Perfect.
Sounds like a wonderful idea.
Yippee! I'm all for it!
[AGREE]
Mm‐hm. Pancham?
I'd like to catch you.
[SURPRISED]
Fennekin?
We're gonna battle Pancham.
[EXCITED]
‐ You can do it, Serena!
‐ Hm.
[EXCITED]
Now, Fennekin, use Scratch!
[CHARGING]
[SURPRISED]/[STRUGGLE]
[all gasping]
Fennekin!
Prepare for trouble,
you knew Fennekin's name.
So now it's time
to play our little game.
To protect the world
from devastation.
To unite all people
within our nation.
To denounce the evils
of truth and love.
To extend our reach
to the stars above.
‐ Jessie.
‐ And James.
Team Rocket blasts off
at the speed of light.
Surrender now or prepare
for a well‐performed fight!
Meowth, that's right!
SERENA
Team Rocket! Give Fennekin back!
So you want to be
a Pokémon performer like Aria.
You've got a problem with that?
Well,
Jessie has a big problem.
‐ I don't care.
‐ Yeah. Beware.
In order to be a successful
Pokémon performer
one needs to be beautiful.
Dressed in a beautiful gown,
my beautiful self will bask
in the spotlight
with beautiful Braixen.
[laughing]
It's beauty times three.
Crowds will love what they see.
[laughing]
Aria doesn't hold a candle
to magnificent me.
What did you say?
In other words,
Fennekin's where it should be.
JESSIE
But, take heart, I'll make sure
it evolves into Braixen.
‐ Toodleoo!
‐ We beat you.
You can't take Fennekin. Stop!
Fletchinder, I choose you!
Razor Wind, let's go!
[RAZOR WIND MOVE]
[screaming]
‐ 'Already?'
[grunting]
ASH
Great job, Fletchinder!
SERENA
Fennekin!
[STONE EDGE MOVE]
[shuddering]
[PLEASED]
[coughing]
‐ Why is Pancham on their side?
‐ Mind your own business.
[ANGRY]
It says we're interrupting
its battle with the Twerpette.
‐ Huh, wow, is that true?
‐ How dare you!
Well, interrupting
is what we do.
‐ Go, Pumpkaboo!
‐ Go, Inkay!
Psybeam, go!
[PSYBEAM MOVE]
[DODGING]
Pumpkaboo, Shadow Ball!
[SHADOW BALL MOVE]
[ANGRY]
[DARK PULSE MOVE]
‐ Awesome!
‐ Pancham's amazing!
Pikachu.
Let's get Fennekin back.
[AGREE]
Let's help out too.
Chespin, Pin Missile.
[PIN MISSLE MOVE]
You bore me
with your Twerpness.
Pumpkaboo, Shadow Ball!
[SHADOW BALL MOVE]
No! Fennekin!
[Serena grunts]
‐ Oh!
‐ Serena!
I'll be fine. Save Fennekin!
[SHOCKED]
[AGREE]
How dare you treat my
Pumpkaboo like a volleyball?
[AGREE]
If you want games,
then we'll give you games.
Time for Leech Seed!
[LEACH SPEED MOVE]
[all gasping]
[DARK PULSE MOVE]
‐ Huh!
‐ Aah!
Aah! Pumpkaboo!
[EXERTION]
Pancham, thanks a lot.
That's two moves too many.
Time for a Twerp payback.
Let's wrap it up. Vine Whip!
[VINE WHIP MOVE]
[screaming]
Alright,
Pikachu, use Thunderbolt!
[THUNDERBOLT MOVE]
Oh well. I know I can win
without Braixen, don't you?
Whatever.
You think you're an actress.
‐ Just fool 'em.
‐ We're blasting off again!
Fennekin!
Thank goodness you're alright!
Thanks, Pancham.
You really helped
Fennekin a lot.
So now,
what do you say we get back
to having our battle?
[AGREE]
[EXCITED]
Alright, Fennekin. You ready?
[AGREE]
[DARK PULSE MOVE]
Dodge it!
Use Flamethrower!
[FLAMETHROWER MOVE]
Flamethrower again!
Dodge it!
[ATTACK]
'Now, Hidden Power!'
[HIDDEN POWER MOVE]
[PAINED]
Alright, Serena,
use the Poké Ball!
Got it, Ash.
Poké Ball, let's go!
[gasps]
[CONFIDENT]
Don't give up!
Just keep battling hard!
You can do it!
[EXCITED]
Hm. Use, Flamethrower!
[FLAMETHROWER MOVE]
[PAINED]
Hidden Power!
[HIDDEN POWER MOVE]
[PAINED]
Go on. Throw it again!
Pancham?
I wanna perform together.
Please. Come join me
on my journey, right now.
[laughing]
Ta‐da! I've begun
a brand new phase of my journey.
Because I caught a Pancham!
[EXCITED]
Thanks for everything,
Fennekin!
Yeah! You did it!
[HAPPY]
The first time
you caught a Pokémon.
‐ Yay!
‐ Thanks!
I'm going to do my best
to become
a Pokémon performer like Aria.
[SURPRISED]
And someday,
I'll become Kalos Queen!
Pancham? Fennekin?
Will you help me
make my dream come true?
Awesome! I can't wait to see
you as a Pokémon performer.
It's good to have a goal,
and I think
you've chosen the perfect one.
[AGREE]
That's for sure.
And I'm working hard
at my goal too!
[EXCITED]
My goal is to become an
inventor who helps all Pokémon.
You're all so lucky,
I can't wait to grow up
and become a Pokémon Trainer!
[AGREE]
We're all on the road
to make our dreams come true.
Full speed ahead!
[EXCITED]
So, Pancham? Fennekin?
Let's do our very best.
[AGREE]
NARRATOR
Serena has caught
her first Pokémon Pancham,
and has also decided to
become
a Pokémon performer.
Now, as they
travel together
each with their own goal, our
heroes' journey continues.
[theme music]